python 
     Python is an object oriented programming language.
     Almost everything in Python is an object, with its properties and methods.
     A Class is like an object constructor, or a "blueprint" for creating objects.

if-statment
    conditions from mathematics:

while 
   With the while loop we can execute a set of statements as long as a condition is true.
   With the continue statement we can stop the current iteration, and continue with the next:

for 
   A for loop is used for iterating over a sequence (that is either a list, a tuple, a dictionary, a set, or a   
   -string).
   If you put the break where you want to show the element or not
   for in to diffirent Array.

function
   A function is a block of code which only runs when it is called.
   You can pass data, known as parameters, into a function.
   A function can return data as a result.
   To call a function, use the function name followed by parenthesis:
   Information can be passed into functions as arguments.
   A parameter is the variable listed inside the parentheses in the function definition.

   Arbitrary Arguments, *args
   def lik(*naem) or def lik(*naem). then you can gave how many argument you want
   To specify that a function can have only keyword arguments, add *, before the arguments:

lambda
   A lambda function is a small anonymous function.
   A lambda function can take any number of arguments, but can only have one expression
   The power of lambda is better shown when you use them as an anonymous function inside another function.
   def myfunc(n):
     return lambda a : a * n

array
   Arrays are used to store multiple values in one single variable: in-built function 

class 
   A class has propertie
   Use the __init__() function to assign values to object properties, or other operations that are necessary to do 
   when the object is being created:

self
    The self parameter is a reference to the current instance of the class, and is used to access variables that 
    belong to the class.

object
    We can use a class to creat a object ex: name = class() then print(name.x) x is class properties
    Objects can also contain methods. Methods in objects are functions that belong to the object.
    def myfunc(self):
    print("Hello my name is " + self.name)

Modify Object Properties
    p1.age = 40  change the value
    del p1.age  delete a value
    del p1      delete the object

Python Inheritance
    Inheritance allows us to define a class that inherits all the methods and properties from another class.
    Parent class is the class being inherited from, also called base class.
    Child class is the class that inherits from another class, also called derived class.
    Use the pass keyword when you do not want to add any other properties or methods to the class.
    Python also has a super() function that will make the child class inherit all the methods and properties from 
    its parent:

Python Iterators
    An iterator is an object that contains a countable number of values.
    Lists, tuples, dictionaries, and sets are all iterable objects. They are iterable containers which you can get an iterator from.

Python Polymorphism
      The word "polymorphism" means "many forms", and in programming it refers to methods/functions/operators with 
      the same name that can be executed on many objects or classes.
      Polymorphism is often used in Class methods, where we can have multiple classes with the same method name.
      we can also use it in Child class with the same name. 
      Inheritance Class Polymorphism

Local Scope
     A variable created inside a function belongs to the local scope of that function, and can only be used inside    
     that function. but it is available for any function inside the function:
     by using global keyword we acces to variable inside a function and change the variable outside of a fuction.
     The nonlocal keyword is used to work with variables inside nested functions.
 
What is a Module?
    Consider a module to be the same as a code library.
    A file containing a set of functions you want to include in your application.

list of function
   if you want to know which functin ther is in a library or module use dir()

Python Datetime
    x = datetime.datetime.now()
    print(x.year)
    print(x.strftime("%A"))weekday, %B = monthday
    x = datetime.datetime(2020, 5, 17)

Python Math
    min, max, abs, pow, then math module = sqrt, ceil, floor, pi, 

JSON in Python
    Python has a built-in package called json, which can be used to work with JSON data., dumps to json, loads
    You can convert Python objects like list, tuple, set, dic, True, False into JSON strings:
    A dic is a object in json and tuple, list is Array in Json
    print(json.dumps(x, indent=4, separators=(". ", " = ")))
    json.dumps(x, indent=4, sort_keys=True) if you use it vill sort the json

RegEx in Python
    we import to use if we want to find a specifi of a value. import re
    txt = "The rain in Spain"
    x = re.search("^The.*Spain$", txt)