why machine inlearning
    shorter time
    no koplex rols
    no uppdating
    more accurate
    adapt after new ruls
    can learn komplixruls like voice recognistion
    it help us to see thing like we can not see
    help us to discover new patterns from larg data, called data mining

supervis 
        supervised Learning models tend to be more accurate than unsupervised Learning models.

       clasification    ==         linear classifier, support vector Machines, decision trees, random forests
               clasify
       regresion       ==          linear regression, logistic regression, 
               predict

unsupervis 
        often this technique is used in the pre-processing data stage. 
        unsupervised Learning models work on their own to discover the structure of unlabeled data. for example an unsupervised Learning model can cluster
        -images by the objects they contain. things like people and animals and building.
        unsupervised Learning models dont make predictions. they only group data together.
        unsupervised Learning can be used to find hidden patterns in data that supervised Learning would not find.

       cluster
             gruop of similar interst, similar experience, 
       visualiziation
             gave you 2D or 3D
       demensionality reduction 
             simplyfiy 
       anomaly detection
             normal or not
       acocition rule Learning
             discover interst relations, are often use in market basket analysis where businesses want to know which items are often bought together.
             ex. when you buy some item in the internet it recomend you of Another item.

semisupervise
       it use to be helpful with Medical images when you can gave a pecture to see which tomur or dissess it is.
       Deep belief networks

Reinforcement Learning
      to get the most reward

batch-learning
      all data needs to train, does not learn incrementally

onlin-learning
      It learn incremententally



